Add deprecation warnings to grid content (#5936)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-heartcore/api-documentation/graphql/property-editors.md

<summary>Grid layout</summary>

> The grid editor Data Type in Heartcore is deprecated and will be retired in June 2025 or thereafter. For more information see [this blog post](https://umbraco.com/blog/umbraco-heartcore-update-october-2023#editors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The grid editor Data Type in Heartcore is deprecated and will be retired in June 2025 or thereafter. For more information read the [following blog post](https://umbraco.com/blog/umbraco-heartcore-update-october-2023#editors).
```
